hello everybody my name is Kevin and I
just wanted to share this tool that I
made for my fantasy football draft with
everyone and I wanted to see if anyone
would be interested and maybe me having
me distribute this maybe through this
youtube channel setting up a download or
any other options that you might want I
just kind of wanted to see what the
reaction was so I wrote this tool
because I was kind of bored to be honest
and it's gonna really help me when I'm
doing my offline fantasy football draft
for when you're doing online this is
useless but for offline it should really
help document drafts so the first thing
I want to go over is these files I'm
going to talk about this 2014 fantasy
football draft and team names files when
I go over what's going on in the actual
thing this top 300 I don't really need
to be honest I can get rid of that but
these files 2014 DST k quarterback
running back Titan and wide receiver
those are directly from ESPN's top
whatever players of that at that
position for fantasy for 2014 and what I
did is I went into Microsoft Word and
substituted all the tabs for spaces so
that the Python or the language that I'm
writing this in scripts could separate
all the words and so I could get the
names of the players so what I'm gonna
do I'm gonna go into fantasy fantasy
football draft let me move this out of
the way so we can see what's going on
okay so right here this is the that's
the main screen so what you're gonna see
here is where you here you get to type
in the number of teams submit or you can
hit enter it'll do the same thing and
then if you want to do a random team
selection you can do that so I'm gonna
enter for the sake of this demo just for
teams
random team I'm gonna go ahead and turn
it off I'll turn it on why not this is
something that I just implemented so I'm
not exactly sure how good it's going to
be but it should it should work so I'm
gonna put in
2:14 to test-1 so this is where you
enter the team names and you hit enter
not submit in order to do this so and
then we have test3 okay now before he
hit enter so this where you type in the
team names you can type in you to the
team name or the person's name or
however you want to do it but these
names are only going to apply this isn't
gonna automatically update ESPN this
what's gonna happen is it's gonna output
a log file the team names is just a list
of the team's names that we're listing
here in order of in draft order and then
the next script that's gonna run is
going to import that list and draft do a
snake draft in that order so you can put
a names it's just gonna go to the logs
so hit enter and now we've got this new
script and once again let me move this
over here because we're gonna look at
that output too so this is the main
drafting script this is a tech this is
gonna tell you who's drafting this text
box is where you can type in a player's
name to draft him the last taken right
now no one's been drafted so I'll go for
that abundant a draft player if you
don't hit Enter and these are a list
these are the lists that I've compiled
from the ESPN web sites showing all the
currently available players I'm not
gonna go into each one so for four let's
let's start off by typing in payton i'm
typing with one hand so bear with me
okay so now i'm gonna hit enter so the
last taken is change peyton manning
you're gonna see here test two is the
team and you just drafted peyton manning
this exact this format that you see here
is actually what is going to be output
to this 2014 fantasy football draft file
so that's exactly what it's going to
look like so let me pull this back up
okay so now we have this test one is
traffic now another way that you can
draft now you the problem with doing it
that way and
since I didn't really bother making this
too fancy
you have to type in the players name
exactly correctly so let's say you come
down and you see the Shawn McCoy well
that's for capital letters that's very
difficult for someone to just
necessarily type in so let's say you
want to draft this on McCoy you come
down here you find his name and it's
gonna draft him for you so as you can
see test1 just drafted LeSean McCoy so
that's how it works
you can come down in here and type in
the names and it'll still work so let's
see Adrian it doesn't matter where you
type them in they're gonna it's gonna
update everywhere aging Peterson was the
last taken and it'll be out put there so
let's just draft one more player so now
test three is the fourth pick remember I
just did this for teams now this is set
up as a snake draft so what you're gonna
see so let's take a wide receiver next
let's say Calvin Johnson
so cabbage on this last take will we go
over here and test three gets to draft
again so now we're in round two but what
you're gonna see is it's a snake draft
so the next team's draft as you can see
is test four and so now I'm just gonna
go ahead and pick some players I'm not
gonna finish this draft you can exit at
any time and it will save the draft file
but what will happen at the end it goes
sixteen rounds just like the ESPN draft
I'm gonna go ahead and exit it's a nice
whole thing just so you can see team
names.txt is just gonna pull up a file
like that
nothing fancy because that's mainly for
use in the player drafting script as you
can see here that's exactly what you
what we want saved in the text file so
that when you go to ESPN and manually
enter everyone's player everyone's
information in you will be able to so
that's basically it it's very simple
tool it's designed to be very well
simple last year I used an excel file
and I realized that I wasn't typing in
players full names and it got very
jumbled and messy and so this way the
reason I wrote this is because I just
Python and it's something that's pretty
simple and right so that's it if enough
people ask me I can put the file in this
youtube link or or put a link to it on
Dropbox or something and if you have any
ideas I have a couple ideas that I
really didn't want to put in because
they'll take some quite a bit of work
that I don't necessarily need but go
ahead and leave a comment lead and I'll
get back to you but please go ahead and
if you're interested in this tool go
ahead and leave a comment and if enough
people are interested then I'll go ahead
and post it for for download thank you
very much for watching and I hope you
enjoyed seeing this tool